So if you have in the conflict in the first few days of the unit, is that
normal? Maybe remember that there are two different fleets. Land
fleet on the Pacific Fleet. So is it normal? Not particularly. But
could there be differences? Most definitely. There are differences.
And when you go from one squadron to another swatter, when you go from
the training school to the actual deployed water, yeah, there's gonna
be a little bit of a difference. And that's where using officer,
junior or senior grade officer, you're just gonna get acclimated in
that first couple of days and understand. So one of these is that
I would most definitely advise. Okay, when you attempted to say, Well,
we didn't do it on our last ship That way, that's true. But you're
not on your life. Shit. You're on. So you've got to adjust to the
new ship and that's the thing. I expect the change. Expect there to
be differences. You've got the skills to go ahead and perform. So remember,
for the most part, all ships go all planes go for we'll go for
so you might be tempted. Do you think I didn't do that on my last
ship. You know, your last ship, You do shift. And that's the way you're
gonna perform on your new ship going forward on the journey, protecting
the nation on the mission.